README.md, before:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations">
    <img src="https://presskit.kodolinija.com/stardeus/images/ShipComputerRotating.gif" alt="Logo" width="240" height="240">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Stardeus Translations</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A community project to provide multiple languages for Stardeus
    <br />
    <a href="https://stardeusgame.com/"><strong>Stardeus Homepage »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1380910/Stardeus/">Steam</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://discord.com/invite/89amEwP">Discord</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iiaORk6Ma5c2DpijK3oFs08fdk9PAe7QsCoiiBzdEUU/edit?usp=sharing">The Source</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li> <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#the-source-file">The Source file</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Contributing</a></li>
      </ul>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#credits">Credits</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This repository is a place for volunteers to contribute community translations for Stardeus.

You can contribute new translations, fixes to existing translations, or point out errors by creating an <a href="https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues">Issue</a>.

Before making a Pull Request, please send in a signed CLA (read the next section).

## Contributor License Agreement

Before contributing, you will have to sign [the following CLA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X2G0VvNNtRHAApqbNKRXkYmKHlg1j5tBF2hZPy6LHM4/edit?usp=sharing). You can either print the document, sign and scan it or make a photo. Then email the agreement to tomas at kodolinija dot com, including the details about your intended contribution. This agreement applies to all contributions to Kodo Linija, be it translations, modding repository, or anything related.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

1. Before beginning the effort, it is very highly recommended to communicate your intent at #stardeus-translations on Stardeus Discord, or by creating an issue here on GitHub. If the language has multiple contributors, or if the language is already under active translation, the work could end up conflicting with others, so it's best to communicate before starting and get a confirmation.
2. Contribute in small chunks rather than in one big update, this way it's easier to collaborate and merge the efforts from different people.
3. Make sure you spent some time in the game. Demo can be used for translating too.
4. Be ready to play your translation. Often words in your language might don't really fit in a box or the context is missing.
5. Use the "Generate Validity Report" in Settings > Language in game (or demo) to see if there are any errors in your translation.

### The Source file

You can find the source file <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iiaORk6Ma5c2DpijK3oFs08fdk9PAe7QsCoiiBzdEUU/edit#gid=0">here</a>.

The recommended way of translating is to make a copy of the source sheet, modify the "Translation" column (please don't modify any other columns), then download

### Contributing

Contributions are awesome! Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/Language`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Language'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/Language`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If you use Github Desktop check [this](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/adding-and-cloning-repositories/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop) out.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

If you feel lost at any point, please join the <a href="https://discord.com/invite/89amEwP">Stardeus Discord Server</a> and ask for help in #stardeus-translations channel.

<!-- CREDITS -->
## Credits

### Hungarian

* [David Hlavati](https://github.com/Synida)

### German

* Tassido
* [K-Win](https://github.com/K-Win)
* Innos
* [Weidengeist](https://github.com/weidengeist/)
* [MonkyBone](https://github.com/MonkyBone/)
* Neil-Rivas

### French

* [ShadowOffice](https://github.com/shadowoffice)
* !Neo
* [rem02](https://github.com/rem02/stardeus-translations) aka ZeMecano
* [LQ-Sebastien](https://github.com/LQ-Sebastien) aka Kronik

### Czech

* [eFkoCaptain](https://github.com/eFkoCaptain)


### Portuguese (Brazil)

* [unggod](https://github.com/unggod)
* [Leandro Voltolino](https://github.com/xupisco)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/issues

### Japanese

* [Souzen Yurama](https://github.com/s-yurama)
* [Taijiro Inagaki](https://github.com/Taiga-OKS)

### Ukrainian

* [that-damned-IT-guy](https://github.com/dm-0975)

### Russian

* [iyalang](https://github.com/iyalang)

### Korean

* [Ciizel](https://github.com/Ciizel)

### Polish

* [Ketyak](https://github.com/Ketyak)

### Swedish (abandoned)

* [blarrkan](https://github.com/blarrkan)

### Chinese (abandoned)

YouHanHua Team

* [law_4x](https://github.com/law4x)
* 翻译菌2号
* Senio
* Ding
* 404のUMP-9

Commit message:

Add link to video about fixing invalid translations

README.md, after:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations">
    <img src="https://presskit.kodolinija.com/stardeus/images/ShipComputerRotating.gif" alt="Logo" width="240" height="240">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Stardeus Translations</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A community project to provide multiple languages for Stardeus
    <br />
    <a href="https://stardeusgame.com/"><strong>Stardeus Homepage »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1380910/Stardeus/">Steam</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://discord.com/invite/89amEwP">Discord</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iiaORk6Ma5c2DpijK3oFs08fdk9PAe7QsCoiiBzdEUU/edit?usp=sharing">The Source</a>
  </p>
</p>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li> <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#the-source-file">The Source file</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Contributing</a></li>
      </ul>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#credits">Credits</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This repository is a place for volunteers to contribute community translations for Stardeus.

You can contribute new translations, fixes to existing translations, or point out errors by creating an <a href="https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues">Issue</a>.

Before making a Pull Request, please send in a signed CLA (read the next section).

## Contributor License Agreement

Before contributing, you will have to sign [the following CLA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X2G0VvNNtRHAApqbNKRXkYmKHlg1j5tBF2hZPy6LHM4/edit?usp=sharing). You can either print the document, sign and scan it or make a photo. Then email the agreement to tomas at kodolinija dot com, including the details about your intended contribution. This agreement applies to all contributions to Kodo Linija, be it translations, modding repository, or anything related.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

1. Before beginning the effort, it is very highly recommended to communicate your intent at #stardeus-translations on Stardeus Discord, or by creating an issue here on GitHub. If the language has multiple contributors, or if the language is already under active translation, the work could end up conflicting with others, so it's best to communicate before starting and get a confirmation.
2. Contribute in small chunks rather than in one big update, this way it's easier to collaborate and merge the efforts from different people.
3. Make sure you spent some time in the game. Demo can be used for translating too.
4. Be ready to play your translation. Often words in your language might don't really fit in a box or the context is missing.
5. Use the "Generate Validity Report" in Settings > Language in game (or demo) to see if there are any errors in your translation.
6. Example of how to fix invalid translations if you get some in the report: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2319536309

### The Source file

You can find the source file <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iiaORk6Ma5c2DpijK3oFs08fdk9PAe7QsCoiiBzdEUU/edit#gid=0">here</a>.

The recommended way of translating is to make a copy of the source sheet, modify the "Translation" column (please don't modify any other columns), then download

### Contributing

Contributions are awesome! Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/Language`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Language'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/Language`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If you use Github Desktop check [this](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/adding-and-cloning-repositories/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop) out.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

If you feel lost at any point, please join the <a href="https://discord.com/invite/89amEwP">Stardeus Discord Server</a> and ask for help in #stardeus-translations channel.

<!-- CREDITS -->
## Credits

### Hungarian

* [David Hlavati](https://github.com/Synida)

### German

* Tassido
* [K-Win](https://github.com/K-Win)
* Innos
* [Weidengeist](https://github.com/weidengeist/)
* [MonkyBone](https://github.com/MonkyBone/)
* Neil-Rivas

### French

* [ShadowOffice](https://github.com/shadowoffice)
* !Neo
* [rem02](https://github.com/rem02/stardeus-translations) aka ZeMecano
* [LQ-Sebastien](https://github.com/LQ-Sebastien) aka Kronik

### Czech

* [eFkoCaptain](https://github.com/eFkoCaptain)


### Portuguese (Brazil)

* [unggod](https://github.com/unggod)
* [Leandro Voltolino](https://github.com/xupisco)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/K-Win/stardeus-translations.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/K-Win/stardeus-translations/issues

### Japanese

* [Souzen Yurama](https://github.com/s-yurama)
* [Taijiro Inagaki](https://github.com/Taiga-OKS)

### Ukrainian

* [that-damned-IT-guy](https://github.com/dm-0975)

### Russian

* [iyalang](https://github.com/iyalang)

### Korean

* [Ciizel](https://github.com/Ciizel)

### Polish

* [Ketyak](https://github.com/Ketyak)

### Swedish (abandoned)

* [blarrkan](https://github.com/blarrkan)

### Chinese (abandoned)

YouHanHua Team

* [law_4x](https://github.com/law4x)
* 翻译菌2号
* Senio
* Ding
* 404のUMP-9
